---
layout: default
title: Research Summary 1
root: "../"
---
[Back to "Assignments"](index.html)  
[Back to "Schedule"]({{ page.root }}schedule.html)  

For your rhetorical analysis, you will be asked to compare the persuasive strategies of two texts that take a position on your controversy. For this assignment, you are asked to complete the "graphic organizer" worksheet for each of your chosen articles. Then, write a 300-350 word paper in which you compare their use of scientific research.

##Specifics
This research summary must be accompanied by a completed "[Science Worksheet]({{ page.root }}documents/scienceWorksheet.docx)" for each article.  

This research summary must include three sections:  

In the first section of your summary, *briefly* introduce your controversy and chosen sources.  

In the second part of your summary, compare how the two articles evoke science, using 2-3 examples from each article. Your subject for analysis might include the kinds of studies being cited, the language used to describe the studies, or the way that those studies are used to construct a logical argument. 

For each example, introduce a hypothesis about how the example is being used rhetorically in each article. Describe the example by paraphrasing or quoting directly. Interpret the element to explain how the article is using scientific discourse. Repeat for the second article. 

In your conclusion, sum up your analysis by offering a hypothesis for why the articles use the different strategies that you observed.


##Evalution
Your writing will be evaluated on the follow criteria:
* Clarity: is you argument clearly organized and articulated?
* Analysis: does the analysis show a sophisticated understanding of the rhetoric?
* Examples: do you provide clear and specific examples, using quotations when necessary?
* Writing: Do you write in an appropriate style, using consistent grammar, spelling, and punctuation? Is your essay the appropriate length?


###Parameters
* Name (upper left corner): 2 points
* Date (upper left corner): 2 points
* Rhetoric 309k (upper left corner): 2 points
* Running Head (short title, all caps, in header): 2 points
* Title: top center: 2 points
* Page numbers: 2 points
* Proper Formatting:
	* 1.5 spaced, Times New Roman or Garamond fonts: 2 points
	* Note: essays written in more than one font will receive a 7-point penalty.
* Proper APA Citation: 
	* Citations on Reference Page: 3 points
	* Reference page separated using a "page break": 1 point
	* Formatting errors: -1 point for each error
	* Content errors: -3 points for each error

