---
layout: default
title: Research Summary 2
root: "../"
---
[Back to "Assignments"](index.html)  
[Back to "Schedule"]({{ page.root }}schedule.html)  

For your rhetorical analysis, you will be asked to compare the persuasive strategies of two texts that take a position on your controversy. For this assignment, you are asked to complete the "graphic organizer" worksheet for each of your chosen articles. Then, write a 300-350 word paper in which you compare their use of emotional language.

##Specifics
This research summary must be accompanied by a completed [Pathos Worksheet]({{ page.root }}documents/pathosWorksheet.docx) for each article.  

This research summary must include three sections:  

In the first section of your summary, *briefly* introduce your controversy and chosen sources.  

In the second part of your summary, choose two or three specific emotional elements of the texts to analyze (for example, a single anecdote; the article's title; etc.). For each example, introduce your hypothesis about the element. Describe the element by paraphrasing or quoting directly. Interpret that element to explain what emotions it evokes and what the importance of those emotions are for the argument that the author is making. Remember, it is not enough to say that the articles "makes you feel strongly" - you want to figure out what kinds of feelings are being created, and how those feelings are persuasive.  

In your conclusion, sum up your analysis by offering a hypothesis for why the articles use the different strategies that you observed.


##Evalution
Your writing will be evaluated on the follow criteria:
* Clarity: is you argument clearly articulated?
* Analysis: does the analysis show a sophisticated understanding of the rhetoric?
* Examples: do you provide clear and specific examples, using quotations when necessary?
* Writing: Do you write in an appropriate style, using consistent grammar, spelling, and punctuation? Is your essay the appropriate length?


###Parameters

Your paper must meet the following parameters, evaluated as shown below:
* Name (upper left corner): 2 points
* Date (upper left corner): 2 points
* Rhetoric 309k (upper left corner): 2 points
* Running Head (short title, all caps, in header): 2 points
* Title: top center: 2 points
* Page numbers: 2 points  

Proper Formatting:
* Times New Roman or Garamond fonts, 1.5 spacing: 2 points
* Note: essays written in more than one font will receive a 7-point penalty. 

Proper APA Citation: 
* Citations on Reference Page: 3 points
* Reference page separated using a "page break": 1 point
* Formatting errors: -1 point for each error
* Content errors: -3 points for each error
